here we are in Los Angeles California
with dusk Bennet with two you 47s dust
just got done painting all day hanging
out with his kids but now we're in a
studio and we're looking at these you
47s wondering how they're gonna sound
and you're telling me dusk that you're
looking for a V f-14 and that's the tube
that's in the Cu 47 right yeah that's
right
so this you're telling me this u 47
sounds good but you're a little
skeptical about using it all the time
because what if the tube goes out right
yeah it's problem with these mics you
run into the issue where you burn up
them d2 you burn up and some mics almost
30 40 % of the value of the mic because
tubes are getting hard to find so when
I've been trying to figure out is way to
continue to keep the mic operational but
know that I still honor the value of the
tube so when it comes time to sell it
there's still something there to get
back from the investment and you're kind
of living the dream you've got up what
is it a c12 is that right yeah Pape c12
good Mike compared it against an
original just talking to my buddy Brian
last night and they actually they
actually be honest with you I like the
Pape that I've got better than some of
the original c12 because it has a much
better low-end saturation than once
you're going to get out of some of the
more original seat walls that came out
of that era low end is not something
that comes to mind when you think of a
c12 but this particular mic does have a
much cleaner nicer bottom end and what
you get out of a regular c12 microphone
and I heard that you guys it just
sounded absolutely amazing but you kind
of been there done that you've got a
Grammy Award you've got a couple km
fifty fours you also shop in the shop
and those have AC 7:01 tubes yeah
there's another mic on a tube that's
getting hard to find well we're gonna
try to find that one for you and we're
going to talk to Marty in Colorado and
try to find out if he's got a couple a
c7o ones that we can get for dusk but
you also have some u67 what of all the
microphones that you've played with
around with recorded with what is your
favorite microphone right now
um it's tough I don't use the 47 a lot I
don't want to say it's an overrated
microphone I don't think it's overrated
but there's only so much you can do with
a 47 you're not going to stick a 47 over
a drum kit and when you do you have
problems with it you can't stick a 47 in
front of a guitar and when you do you're
going to have problems
problems are not good with these vintage
mics because they cost a lot to fix that
being said while they do some great
I personally pulling my 67 s out quite a
bit that pape c12 gets a lot of mileage
on it too because I got it rather it's
certainly compared to what a vintage c12
goes for I got it inexpensive compared
to that so I don't mind and most of
stuff that goes wrong with those those
microphones can still be obtained and
repaired for less than a thousand bucks
tube is plentiful and the capsules can
still be had so I'm not afraid of
damaging a c12
so between the mics that I use the most
probably the seat wall or the u67
because they're great mics you get great
results and they're pretty easy to
repair when something goes south well
you're definitely the guy to talk to and
let's try these out and let's test these
tubes and find out how these two VF 14s
compared to each other sounds good so
we've got the u47 setup and we're just
about to test the VF 14 tubes
Telefunken z-- that are in these you
forty sevens and i'll let you know how
they sound everybody loves a baby that's
why I'm in love with you pretty baby
pretty baby everybody loves a baby
that's why I'm in love with you pretty
baby pretty baby
so we've tested these two you 47s and
they sound absolutely fabulous they do
have a different sonic quality to them
one has an m7 capsule and one has ak-47
and after talking to desk we both agree
it's a capsule thing that's a little bit
different but the mics sound fabulous
and that VF 14 though it's hard to come
by
wow it's worth
so we're gonna go try to track down and
find a VF 14 for dust so he has a spare
and he feels good about using this mic
on a everyday basis take care enjoy the
next tube tests